# Output Types #

There are 3 different types of output.  Each can be assigned to a different output form for mixed results.

## Records ##
A record is a single instance in a baf file.  It can contain many different things, but most of the time it will be a simple call record.

## Logs ##
Log messages generated by bafprp while running.

## Errors ##
These are critical errors bafprp encounters while parsing a record.  It is important to make a distinction between these and log errors.  Log errors represent a problem with the program, where as these errors express errors with the records or baf file.  They should contain as much information about the offending record as possible and should be immediately investigated.

# Forms of Output #

## No ##
No output, use is discouraged

## Console ##
Output is formatted and printed to the console

## [File](File.md) ##
Output is formatted and printed to a filename of your choosing.  Default filenames are records.log, log.log, and error.log.  In windows these files are created in the root folder, in linux they are created in /var/log/bafprp/

## [Email](Email.md) ##
Sends formated output straight to an email address, no default settings so the user must set these themselves.

## [MSSQL](MSSQL.md) or [MySQL](MySQL.md) ##
Sends logs and errors to generic tables on a server of the user's preference.  Record output is handled a bit differently, see the article for details.


# Command Line #

To change between these forms of output you must supply the appropriate options when running bafprp.
To switch outputs, prepend the output type abbreviation with the desired output form.  r for record, e for error, l for log.
Example:
-remail -efile -lconsole
Will set record, error, and log output to email, file, and console, respectively.

Please see the [command line option article](CommandLineOptions.md) for full detail of all options.